[DOC] Ruby float to Elasticsearch float might lead to lossy conversion (#158)
logstash-plugins/logstash-filter-mutate: docs/index.asciidoc

integer. If the field value is an array, all members will be converted.
If the field is a hash no action will be taken.

.Conversion insights
[NOTE]
================================================================================

> The values are converted to Ruby data types.
> Be aware using `float` and `float_eu` converts the number in Ruby `Float`, 
> which is double-precision floating point representation.
> In order to not lose precision due to the conversion, you should
> us `double` in the Elasticsearch mappings.

Reviewer: would suggest mentioning that it's 64-bit floaint point value ... smt of a:
```suggestion
The values are converted using Ruby semantics.
Be aware that using `float` and `float_eu` converts the value to a double-precision 64-bit IEEE 754 floating point decimal number.
In order to not lose precision due to the conversion, you should use a `double` in the Elasticsearch mappings.
```

Author: I think maintaining precision is correct too.
